we're actually have some breaking news
as of today you can go check it out it's
up on the league lots and subreddit on
Twitter elsewhere Team Liquid is going
to bring in mid laner Mickey and this
very strange given that they've had a
pretty good weekend Emily right before I
response is a very good weekend you know
why Emily is dying last yeah yeah
exactly i'm mateus making he is a really
funny player um it's just enough that he
like to laugh yeah so like I mean
Ricky's history in and of itself is
really Alaris because he started off
where he was like one of the highest non
find players in Korean challenger in
2014 when the Chinese were just starting
to get on the import bandwagon and he
was a mid lane lease in one trick so
they imported this guy without doing
like any research other than the fact
that he was super high signed on on the
ladder and the first game they played
they played him as a jungler in his
first professional game because he
played Lee sin and that did not go well
at all is he bad and he became like a
mid laner and that's how he became a mid
laner and I think that could kind of
tell you right off the bat a few things
about Mickey you it's just the whole
decision really is a bit baffling to me
yeah he's like a player who basically
can like actually still in today's
League of Legends single-handedly lose
you a game and single-handedly win you
again and I feel like that's actually
really rare nowadays he's just like
really inconsistent hyper aggressive
always up in Lane does weird stuff that
absolutely makes no sense it doesn't pay
attention to vision didn't even really
know how to play middling that well like
in terms of like minion waves and
in control or any of that stuff until
arguably sometime last year um he is
known for being one of the few mid
laners who can kind of like hold his own
against faker in lane even though he's
like really reckless Tom's not even a
big thing anymore I feel like now's not
additive mid laners can hold their own
against raker and Lim yeah it's just
like it's really baffling to me that
Team Liquid would pick up Mickey and not
just because because I know a lot of
people the initial reaction is like well
this is hilarious because they're just
coming off of their best week and they
seem to have found some stability and
golden glue is not performing poorly so
why bring in Mickey and obviously this
the signing must have happened not not
today but you know previously I'm sure
they didn't talk but the thing to me
that's still really baffling is that
what Team Liquid seems to need is like
any semblance of consistency right and
Mickey is such an inconsistent player
and will never be a consistent player
like he was at his most consistent last
year and it was still negotiable it's
like going from like no consistency to
like a 1 on a scale of 0 to 10 like he's
just Islanders what makes you say he can
never be a consistent player because
he's played the same way for years maybe
you know it a try it's the ward winning
team liquid coaching stuff it's going to
yeah systematically then I just a baby
all he did was North America it seemed
liquid to make him a consistent player
all right I'm gonna get flamed already
for just supporting Team Liquid a little
bit in this decision so I'll just put
the shirt up already put it on because I
knew this was coming I will say that
like you can argue about you know
whether or not Mickey is a player that
they should sign just you like
consistency problems and like does he
even speak English and these other
concerns that are going to come up far
as I know he goes on
yeah I haven't heard I feel like given
that fact that like when you read that
interview they did not stress good
English skills you can probably take
that to be that means he does not have
good English skills if you're not going
to highlight that there was um so like
this is I guess tangentially related
there was a video that someone did where
he interviewed a couple of the freako
players last lit when they were trying
to go the world and they were kind of a
surprising team and they had seungyoon
and Snow Flower and they tried to speak
English pretty well and they were like
okay and Mickey was not nearly as good
so okay so yeah obviously maybe you
can't speak English well then most
likely
uh all that aside like given that it is
the middle of summer split you are going
to be hard-pressed to find like any
talent that you would want to import of
like any caliber and um I guess on the
team liquid side it's just like you
probably started like the process of
this acquisition like week three we have
four when you're like getting on
you put solution and he sucks ass too
and you're just like well our team blows
like what's the worst that could happen
by like bringing this guy over we have a
mountain of money so like it's not like
a big cost to us in terms of like oh -
can we afford to do this and then like
if he does come over and perform great
you can maybe keep them for 2018 and if
he sucks and it's just a waste of time
we'll create you guys are getting
crapped on anyways so I can kind of a
little bit understand that I just don't
know why they didn't make this movie the
star of the split but we already hit on
that a lot about like why bring this
same five players back what does this
mean for their other imports well they
were saying in the ESPN article that the
plan would be to bench rein over use an
Ori put Mickey in the mid lane which is
so for me I would disagree with that
decision for a few reasons but I think
the primary one is that Endora himself
is not known for being particularly
consistent like it's like having two
very reckless players I'm going to get
pop just finally good for Reno
and that was like kind of their problems
they signed this super expensive Slayer
allegedly and he wasn't really like in
meta in terms of his champion pool or
just what he wanted to do generally and
then now suddenly we get this patch that
allows them to play like a ton of change
tank junglers
and like Gragas like fanatically all
those disengage console everything else
and and they're playing inori like they
have the same problem over again it's
good idea what ad for Team Liquid
accountant because you just like I love
the idea that like we ran over early
just like the most expensive by a huge
amount player and the LCS it's like yeah
we're just going to bench him where's
the put on others oh oh oh one thing I
will say and why I think this patch
might be overrated for reignover is just
because it's a lot of like different
tank junglers and he is not good at
picking up new champions really at all
so like like yes you can play Gragas and
you can play Olaf
but like can he play Choga can he play
maokai can't can you play Zach he's
still playing Elise like some of the a
lot of their wins came on Elise and
Dragons which are like in his wheelhouse
yeah I don't even know if that's like
even his worst problem to be honest too
so it's just a really long complicated
issue if you want to get into Team
Liquid jungle situation yeah the one
thing I will say is that like I don't
think it's a surprise that like the
first weekend that Team Liquid or like
one of the two weekends seem like it's
actually aggressive is like when this
move is probably been coming for like a
while and it's finally confirmed like I
don't think that they are actually
making moves now as a team is like oh
they're figuring it out it's like they
probably just blow your bucket let's
actually make plays because it's more
previously they would get like 3 or K
gold leaves off punishing an enemy doing
something dumb and then they would just
sit there and slowly bleed out so like
I'm not convinced that like oh they
figured it out and now like this is
going to hurt his energy I think it's
like they have synergy now because this
move made them not care and their wins
weren't even like off of improved
figuring it out kind of play it was
probably just off of like teams sort of
being lolz almost into the sense of
complacently it's like okay we're going
to push out the lane we're going to do
the why are they yeah and just and
random way dying so it's like yeah yes
like I I'm not convinced like the sudden
teamliquid uptick is like even reliable
given the fact that we have a split and
a half of them not working out only in
two weeks is not going to make me
convinced that this is like bad now what
whether or not the Mickey move is a good
move is is a separate issue which I'm
more on Emily side about that one
alright I mean yeah I just I just think
it's hilarious but a team that has had
problems finding any sort of consistency
signs like one of the most inconsistent
players I know so it sounds like the
panel universally feels as though this
was a bad or poor or silly decision from
Team Liquid I think okay I'm going to
draw a loose connection between
something else that happened recently
which is doctor who got a new doctor
okay okay yeah everyone had a huge
outcry right because the doctor was
female but I don't even think that that
was the thing and this is in everyone's
this just some people like a group of
people and then some of the writers left
allegedly because of this decision I
don't even think it was because of the
female doctor necessarily right or even
thinkers because they made the female
doctor the doctor feels because the
writing for the Doctor Who series has
been so bad for so long that any
decision they make okay people are
instantly just going to question and be
like this seems like you're you don't
understand what's wrong with the show
you don't understand the problems that
is going on with the show and you're
just like trying to do something really
drastic to make people like happy or to
evoke some sort of interest in the show
and it feels similar it feels like Nikki
is the female doctor
so that's mine and so it just it feels
almost like no matter what decision TL
may get this point people are going to
be like okay this is going to go poorly
because so far their track record of
decisions is
is really bad and that's the fundamental
problem not necessarily this particular
move you know what I mean yeah it's
another I mean it's another decision in
a long line of decisions that shows that
I don't think they have any idea of like
what is wrong with their team
I just find it I don't even know if it's
a it like I'm not even condemning the
decision necessarily it is just
hilarious to me
Kelsey go ahead mark no I was just going
to say like yeah they they are
consistently bad so go bring in an
inconsistent player like who cares maybe
it works I like I think most people have
given up on 2017 TL and like this gives
them a potential option in 2018 like
whatever Kelsey how would you fix Doctor
Who because we go fix Doctor Who then we
could fix Team Liquid I mean they fired
a lot of the writers but I don't know a
lot about the situation so they fired a
lot of the writers apparently or a lot
of the writers left I'm not clear but
like one of the worst ones apparently is
now the showrunner so it feels like that
might not work okay okay well there goes
that plan all right so moving on